A task is identified by an id.
A machine is identified by an id.
An executionTime is identified by a task, by a machine, by a duration.
An assignment is identified by a task, by a machine, by a starting time.
A sequence is identified by a first task, by a first machine, by a second task, by a second machine, by a duration.
A start is identified by a task, by a machine.

deadline is a constant.

Whenever there is an executionTime then we must have a task with id T.
Whenever there is an executionTime then we must have a machine with id M.

Whenever there is an assignment with task T, with machine M1, with starting time ST, whenever there is an assignment with task T, with machine M2, with starting time ST+1, whenever there is an executionTime with task T, with machine M1, with duration TIME, then we must have a sequence with first task T, with first machine M1, with second task T, with second machine M2, with duration TIME.

Whenever there is an assignment with task T1, with machine M1, with starting time ST1, whenever there is an assignment with task T2 greater than T1, with machine M, with starting time ST2, whenever there is an executionTime with task T1, with machine M, with duration TIME1, whenever there is an executionTime with task T2, with machine M, with duration TIME2, then we can have a sequence with first task T1, with first machine M, with second task T2, with second machine M, with duration TIME1.

Whenever there is an assignment with task T1, with machine M1, with starting time ST1, whenever there is an assignment with task T2 greater than T1, with machine M, with starting time ST2, whenever there is an executionTime with task T1, with machine M, with duration TIME1, whenever there is an executionTime with task T2, with machine M, with duration TIME2, whenever there is not a sequence with first task T1, with first machine M, with second task T2, with second machine M, with duration TIME1,  then we must have a sequence with first task T2, with first machine M, with second task T1, with second machine M, with duration TIME2.

Whenever there is a sequence with first task T1, with first machine M1, with second task T2, with second machine M2, with duration TIME, then the difference between start with task T1, with machine M1, and start with task T2, with machine M2 is less than or equal to -TIME.

Whenever there is a task T, whenever there is an executionTime with task T, with machine M, with duration TIME, then the difference between start with task T, with machine M, and 0 is less than or equal to B, where B is equal to the difference between deadline, and TIME.

Whenever there is a task T, whenever there is a machine M, then the difference between 0, and start with task T, with machine M is less than or equal to 0.